README.md, before:

# damour-bot

Provides custom server join/leave messages for Discord and some other stuff.

## Usage

This thing runs on Node.js. You just need to do the `npm install` thing 
and then you can run it with `node app.js`.

For authenticating your application you can either specify the `token` property 
in `config.yml` or you can add an `auth.json` file with the following object:
```json
{
    "token": "<YOUR TOKEN HERE>"
}
```

## Features

- Posts a random welcome message in #general when a user joins.
- Posts a random goodbye message in #general if a user leaves.
- Allows users to self assign color roles with the role prefix `color.`.

### Welcome and goodbye messages

Custom welcome and goodbye messages are defined in `welcomes.js` and 
`goodbyes.js` respectively. Custom messages must meet the following 
requirements:
1. The message is defined as a string.
2. The message contains one or many occurrences of the substring `"{user}"`. 
Each occurrence will be replaced with the user's username.

Here are some examples:
```js
"●●●{user} is typing..."
```
```js
"{user} FLEW TO JAPAN TO SING ABBA IN A BIG COLD RIVER"
```
```js
"Let's all give {user} a warm welcome!"
```

### Server join role assignment

Adds a role to a member when they join a server.

### Color management

View the list of available colors with `!colors`.

Use the command `!color <name>` to change colors.

Commit message:

Added ban message, new commands pattern

README.md, after:

# damour-bot

Provides custom server join/leave messages for Discord and some other stuff.

## Usage

This thing runs on Node.js. You just need to do the `npm install` thing 
and then you can run it with `node app.js`.

For authenticating your application you can either specify the `token` property 
in `config.yml` or you can consume the `DISCORD_API_TOKEN` environment 
variable.

## Features

- Posts a random welcome message in #general when a user joins.
- Posts a random goodbye message in #general if a user leaves.
- Posts ban message in #general is a user is banned.
- Allows users to self assign color roles with the role prefix `color.`.

### Welcome and goodbye messages

Custom welcome and goodbye messages are defined in `welcomes.js` and 
`goodbyes.js` respectively. Custom messages must meet the following 
requirements:
1. The message is defined as a string.
2. The message contains one or many occurrences of the substring `"{user}"`. 
Each occurrence will be replaced with the user's username.

Here are some examples:
```js
"●●●{user} is typing..."
```
```js
"{user} FLEW TO JAPAN TO SING ABBA IN A BIG COLD RIVER"
```
```js
"Let's all give {user} a warm welcome!"
```

### Server join role assignment

Adds a role to a member when they join a server.

### Color management

View the list of available colors with `!colors`.

Use the command `!color <name>` to change colors.
